Do we want a story?
IT WOULD BE NICE.

-a rescue mission
Mother saving daughter whom machines "took"
Or Girl saving boyfriend.

-being sent to hell
Being in hell and having to retrieve your soul pieces.

I want to play on the idea of "IMPULSE."

->
The impulse is weak in me, and my dreams pass me by.
So when my true love died, I dove to hell to get him back.


The general idea is that the character regrets all the times she wasn't impulsive enough. Her lack of courage has lead to a mechanical life.

She loved someone, but eventually they separated because she couldn't follow him.

She knows he went to hell, because he committed suicide.

So she followed him, her impulse beating within her.

Not yet decided whether she finds him, or she simply finds herself.
Maybe she manages to send him to heaven. And she plans to live the rest of her life well before following him?

You will want to relate many anecdotes during gameplay, after each level or after a certain number of stars. These anecdotes build up the story.


Perhaps as the game progresses, she realizes that this hell is her own personal hell, and that she'll find no one here but herself. Yet she must defeat it.


add a soul shard to each level. player must collect soul shard to get shard.

story should explain what player is experiencing, a little.


--------

-girl falls down to an underworld, loses her soul in the process.
-her soul contains her memories. She doesn't remember anything when she comes to.
-the underworld isn't what she is expecting. The things she sees are bizarre and incomprehensible to her, yet everything seems to follow a strict set of rules.
-the underworld is filled with void zones. Time and space do not exist within these zones, and if she enters one, she too will cease to exist. (turns out she just re-awakens)
-the underworld is filled with enemies, strange amalgamations of machine and hellish ghouls and creatures.
-the girl discovers that she can push the enemies away using some force within her. She emits a shockwave in front of her which pushes enemies away.
-pieces of her soul are scattered across the underworld. When she firsts sees them, they are intangible shadows, but she finds that as she pushes enemies out of existence, her soul pieces become more clear, until she can finally reach out and reclaim them. Are the enemies guardians of her soul? She isn't sure why this works, but it appears to be a rule of the underworld.

-later she realizes that she is inside her own mind, and that she is reclaiming her soul by fighting off all the prejudices and addictions and horrible influences that prevent her from being who she can be, and tossing them out of existence.

-as the girl gains more of her soul, she remembers her past.

She remembers all of the struggles she had.

When she was young she wanted to change the world. She heard about all the misfortune in the world. She took trips. She gradually realized how most of them were being duped. She was well-off herself however, and she fell into complacency and routine. Her impulse grew weak.

There were so many obstacles in her way. So many people telling her to just not worry about the big picture. And it was true. She wanted to be happy, to live a happy life. And yet she was never quite happy. She became a researcher.

Then she met him. He had a bold plan for changing the world, for overthrowing the corrupt system and giving power back to the people. She fell in love and they spent many dinners talking over their wild plans to make the world a better place. They met in secret. She didn't really know why.

But then he had to leave. They had found him and they were going to arrest him. He asked her to go with him. He told her she was brilliant. Instinctive, impulsive and that he loved her. He couldn't do it without her.

She had refused. She was scared to live that kind of life. "I can't," she said.

Later she found out he had died. An unfortunate accident. It was all over the Internet. He was a martyr.

She didn't want him to be a martyr.

And now she was here. She could only assume she had dived down to the underworld to rescue him.

She reflects upon her life. Most people only live the life that was carved out for them. There are deviations of course, a vacation, unique pastimes. But 90% of life is mechanical. And the world, as a whole, cannot change for the better if most people are not willing to step out of their comfort zone.


The four obstacles she has to face are:
noise
too many friends
easily addicted to stuff

apathy
someone else can solve the problems
my life is good. i don't have to do anything

fear
fear of societal backlash
fear of losing friends
fear of losing my life

impulse - turning it around

All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.

----------------------------------
